fix typo error (#983)
mastodon/mastodon-ios: Documentation/How-it-works.md

Then use the `Add Entity` button create new Entity. 
1. Give a name in data model inspect panel. 
2. Also, set the `Module` to `CoreDataStack`. 

> 3. Set the `Codegen` to  `Manual/None`. We use `Soucery` generates the template code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set the `Codegen` to  `Manual/None`. We use `Sourcery` to generate the template code.
```
